Add domain operator document (#1761)
subspace/subspace: domains/README.md

# Domain operator

Reference implementation of Domain Operator for Subspace Network Blockchain.

## Overview

> Domain is the decouple execution layer of the [Subspace Network Blockchain](https://subspace.network) (referred as consensus chain below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Domains are the decoupled execution layer of the [Subspace Network Blockchain](https://subspace.network) (referred to as the consensus chain below).
```

The extrinsic of the domain chain is first collected into a bundle by the domain operator, the bundle is then broadcast to the consensus chain network as an extrinsic of the consensus chain.

> The domain operator listening to the block import event of the consensus chain, extract bundles from the imported consensus block and execute the extrinsic of the bundle to build and import a domain block in a deterministically way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The domain operator, listening to the block import events of the consensus chain, extracts bundles from the imported consensus block and executes the extrinsics of the bundle to build and import a domain block in a deterministically way.
```

> NOTE: currently, the domain chain is not support to sync from other operator node and need to deterministically deriving from the consensus chain block by block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: currently, the domain chain does not support syncing from other operator nodes and needs to be deterministically derived from the consensus chain block by block.
```

### Build from source

The domain operator node is embeded within the `subspace-node` binary, please refer to [Subspace node](../crates/subspace-node/README.md) for how to build from source.

### Start the domain operator node

> The domain operator node is running with an embeded consensus node, thus you need to specified the args for both the consensus node and the domain operator node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The domain operator node is running with an embededded consensus node, thus you need to specify the args for both the consensus node and the domain operator node:
```

```bash
subspace-node [consensus-chain-args] -- [domain-args]
```

Example:

Start a single node development chain:
```bash
target/production/subspace-node \
    --dev \
    --rpc-external \

>     --node-key 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 \

Reviewer 2: Should this node-key always be the same, or domain operator can choose to use another?

Reviewer 3: It just needs to be some static value for convenience, can be any hex string of the same length.

    -- \

>     --domain-id 0 \

Reviewer 2: I'm guessing the domain id for the node development chain and consensus chains needs to be the same?

Author: Right, it needs to be the same, domain 0 (the EVM domain) is the only domain instance we support from genesis. Though advanced users can instantiate and run their own domain instance, I'm hesitant if we should add a section about this here, since it will bring some technical detail.

BTW in both examples, the `domain-id` is passing the the domain operator instead of the consensus chain.

    --dev \
    --rpc-external
```

Run another node and sync the consensus chain from the consensus node started earlier:
```bash
target/production/subspace-node \
    --dev \
    --rpc-external \

>     --bootnodes /ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/30333/p2p/12D3KooWEyoppNCUx8Yx66oV9fJnriXwCcXwDDUA2kj6vnc6iDEp \

Reviewer 2: `12D3KooWEyoppNCUx8Yx66oV9fJnriXwCcXwDDUA2kj6vnc6iDEp` seems to be the node dev chain ID, would it always be the same, or it might change in some circumstances? If it can change, how can I determine what is the new ID?

Reviewer 3: `12D3KooWEyoppNCUx8Yx66oV9fJnriXwCcXwDDUA2kj6vnc6iDEp` is a node ID, it correspond to private key `0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001` used above. If private key changes, you'll need to use a different identity here too. For simplicity I recommend just using this all the time unless you need more than one node to bootstrap from for some reason.

Reviewer 2: Understood 👍 , thank you!

    -- \
    --domain-id 0 \
    --dev \
    --rpc-external
```

> By default, node data are written to `subspace-node/domain-{domain-id}` subdirectory of the OS-specific users local data directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, node data is written to `subspace-node/domain-{domain-id}` subdirectory of the OS-specific user's local data directory.
```
